[Music]
you clean that lab you get out
she depth me she can hear you
the thing we keep in there is in the
front and I should know I dragged it all
the way here it's a lot of blood what
went on again it was you that found my
fingers there was mustard Amin Soviets
want it we know that much we need to
take it apart learn how it works what
happened it's an animal just keeping it
tame who needs to Jewish I can either
save him I let him down
don't do this alasa don't do this I'm
gonna be synchronizing our watches just
like they do in the movies Oh woman we
gonna burn in hell
[Music]
the asset do you have it sure I'm
getting it back our concern is the
Russians and this mess you
delivered right right
we didn't see nothing what am i doing
interviewing the cleaners he's a
wild creature we can't ask him to be
anything else
you were speaking Russian Bob
[Music]
finish the job
Eliza he's coming
[Music]